README.md, before:

# Backend Final Project 2024

## Description

This is the final backend project for 2024. It is built using Node.js, Express, and TypeScript. The project includes user authentication, movie management, and integrates Swagger for API documentation.

## Project Structure

backend-final-project-2024/
├── config/
│ ├── db.ts
│ ├── swagger.ts
│ └── ...
├── controllers/
│ ├── authController.ts
│ ├── movieController.ts
│ ├── userController.ts
│ └── ...
├── interfaces/
│ ├── movieInterface.ts
│ ├── userInterface.ts
│ └── ...
├── main.ts
├── middleware/
│ ├── authMiddleware.ts
│ ├── authService.ts
│ └── ...
├── models/
│ ├── movieModel.ts
│ ├── userModel.ts
│ └── ...
├── routers/
│ ├── authRouter.ts
│ ├── movieRouter.ts
│ ├── userRouter.ts
│ └── ...
├── services/
│ ├── movieService.ts
│ ├── userService.ts
│ └── ...
├── utils/
│ ├── fileService.ts
│ ├── jwt.ts
│ └── ...
├── static/
│ └── ...
├── tsconfig.json
├── package.json
├── nodemon.json
├── .env
└── README.md

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd backend-final-project-2024
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your environment variables:
   ```env
   NODE_ENV=development
   PORT=5000
   MONGO_URI=<your-mongodb-uri>
   JWT_SECRET=<your-jwt-secret>
   ```

## Scripts

- **Development**: `npm run dev`
- **Build**: `npm run build`
- **Start**: `npm run start`
- **Lint**: `npm run lint`
- **Format**: `npm run format`
- **Prettier**: `npm run prettier`

## API Documentation

Swagger is used for API documentation. You can access the documentation at `/api-docs` after starting the server.

## Usage

### Authentication

- **Register**: `POST /api/auth/register`
- **Login**: `POST /api/auth/login`

### Users

- **Update User**: `PUT /api/users/:id`

  - **Description**: Update a user's information.
  - **Security**: Requires bearer token and admin access.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `id` (path): User ID (string)
  - **Responses**:
    - `200`: User updated successfully
    - `400`: Bad request
    - `401`: Not authorized
    - `403`: Admin only access

- **Delete User**: `DELETE /api/users/:id`
  - **Description**: Delete a user.
  - **Security**: Requires bearer token and admin access.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `id` (path): User ID (string)
  - **Responses**:
    - `200`: User deleted successfully
    - `401`: Not authorized
    - `403`: Admin only access

### Movies

- **Create Movie**: `POST /api/movies`
- **Get Movies**: `GET /api/movies`
- **Get Movie by ID**: `GET /api/movies/:id`
- **Update Movie**: `PUT /api/movies/:id`
- **Delete Movie**: `DELETE /api/movies/:id`
- **Search Movies**: `GET /api/movies/search`
  - **Description**: Search for movies based on query parameters.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `search` (query): Search term for title, release date, or genres (string, optional)
    - `genre` (query): Movie genre (string, optional)
    - `page` (query): Page number (number, optional, default: 1)
    - `limit` (query): Number of movies per page (number, optional, default: 10)
    - `sortBy` (query): Field to sort by (string, optional, default: 'releaseDate')
    - `order` (query): Sort order ('asc' or 'desc', optional, default: 'asc')
  - **Responses**:
    - `200`: Movies found successfully
    - `400`: Bad request

Commit message:

fix: update of readme file

README.md, after:

# Backend Final Project 2024

## Description

This is the final backend project for 2024. It is built using Node.js, bcrypt, Express, and TypeScript. The project includes user authentication, movie management, and integrates Swagger for API documentation.

## Project Structure

backend-final-project-2024/
├── config/
│ ├── db.ts
│ ├── swagger.ts
│ └── ...
├── controllers/
│ ├── authController.ts
│ ├── movieController.ts
│ ├── userController.ts
│ └── ...
├── interfaces/
│ ├── movieInterface.ts
│ ├── userInterface.ts
│ └── ...
├── main.ts
├── middleware/
│ ├── authMiddleware.ts
│ ├── authService.ts
│ └── ...
├── models/
│ ├── movieModel.ts
│ ├── userModel.ts
│ └── ...
├── routers/
│ ├── authRouter.ts
│ ├── movieRouter.ts
│ ├── userRouter.ts
│ └── ...
├── services/
│ ├── movieService.ts
│ ├── userService.ts
│ └── ...
├── utils/
│ ├── fileService.ts
│ ├── jwt.ts
│ └── ...
├── static/
│ └── ...
├── tsconfig.json
├── package.json
├── nodemon.json
├── .env
└── README.md

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```sh
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd backend-final-project-2024
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

3. Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add your environment variables:
   ```env
   NODE_ENV=development
   PORT=5000
   MONGO_URI=<your-mongodb-uri>
   JWT_SECRET=<your-jwt-secret>
   ```

## Scripts

- **Development**: `npm run dev`
- **Build**: `npm run build`
- **Start**: `npm run start`
- **Lint**: `npm run lint`
- **Format**: `npm run format`
- **Prettier**: `npm run prettier`

## API Documentation

Swagger is used for API documentation. You can access the documentation at `/api-docs` after starting the server.

## Usage

### Authentication

- **Register**: `POST /api/auth/register`
- **Login**: `POST /api/auth/login`

### Users

- **Update User**: `PUT /api/users/:id`

  - **Description**: Update a user's information.
  - **Security**: Requires bearer token and admin access.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `id` (path): User ID (string)
  - **Responses**:
    - `200`: User updated successfully
    - `400`: Bad request
    - `401`: Not authorized
    - `403`: Admin only access

- **Delete User**: `DELETE /api/users/:id`
  - **Description**: Delete a user.
  - **Security**: Requires bearer token and admin access.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `id` (path): User ID (string)
  - **Responses**:
    - `200`: User deleted successfully
    - `401`: Not authorized
    - `403`: Admin only access

### Movies

- **Create Movie**: `POST /api/movies`
  - **Description**: Create a new movie.
  - **Security**: Requires bearer token.
- **Get Movies**: `GET /api/movies`
  - **Description**: Retrieve a list of movies.
  - **Security**: Public access.
- **Get Movie by ID**: `GET /api/movies/:id`
  - **Description**: Get a movie by ID.
  - **Security**: Public access.
- **Update Movie**: `PUT /api/movies/:id`
  - **Description**: Update a movie.
  - **Security**: Requires bearer token.
- **Delete Movie**: `DELETE /api/movies/:id`
  - **Description**: Delete a movie.
  - **Security**: Requires bearer token.
- **Search Movies**: `GET /api/movies/search`
  - **Description**: Search for movies based on query parameters.
  - **Parameters**:
    - `search` (query): Search term for title, release date, or genres (string, optional)
    - `genre` (query): Movie genre (string, optional)
    - `page` (query): Page number (number, optional, default: 1)
    - `limit` (query): Number of movies per page (number, optional, default: 10)
    - `sortBy` (query): Field to sort by (string, optional, default: 'releaseDate')
    - `order` (query): Sort order ('asc' or 'desc', optional, default: 'asc')
  - **Responses**:
    - `200`: Movies found successfully
    - `400`: Bad request
